Turn Back Time, Rellaping
Stop right there!
No! I don't want to be caught yet, rella!
I won't lose you!
Aaaagh!
Rellaping!
Turn it back again, rella!
Aaaaah!
Aaaagh!
Oww...
Huh?
It was a dream?
Aaagh! Oh no. I'm totally late!
Why didn't you wake me up? You all knew today was the day of the reading presentation!
Huh? Class is already...
Romi! What happened? We were worried.
Did you sleep in?
Yeah. I'm really sorry. What happened with the presentation?
Don't worry. Maya memorized your lines too, so we somehow managed to get through it.
I never imagined I'd be playing both Romeo and Juliet all by myself, though.
Thank you, Maya.
Oh my, you're quite late, aren't you? Your group was struggling because someone didn't show up.
But even without that "someone," they did a great job with the presentation.
So, that means it doesn't matter if that "someone" is there or not, right?
Oh my, Hani. If you hit the nail on the head like that, you'll make Romi look too pitiful.
Sigh...
If I hadn't had that weird dream, I wouldn't have slept in.
What weird dream, chu?
Well... I was just thinking how nice it would be if I could turn time back...
It won't work? Huh? Who's there?
It's a Teenieping alarm, chu!
This is Rellaping, arum!
I'm caught!
Stop right there!
No! I don't want to be caught yet, rella!
More importantly, I won't let you catch me!
Aaaagh!
What I wanted to say is... Rellaping!
Turn it back again, rella!
Aaaaah!
Aaaagh!
Huh? A dream?
Aaagh! I'm late!
Oh my, Hani. If you hit the nail on the head like that, you'll make Romi look too pitiful.
If I hadn't had that weird dream, I wouldn't have slept in... Huh?
I feel like I've said this before...
How nice it would be if I could turn it back. I can't believe this...
I'm caught!
Stop right there!
Aaaagh!
Take this!
Aaaaah!
Aaaagh!
Sigh...
You're late, Romi! You'll be late for the presentation, shasha! Hurry up, chu!
Guys, calm down.
This isn't the time to calm down, poni! You practiced so hard, is it okay if it all goes to waste, arum?
Even if I hurry, I won't make it in time for the presentation anyway.
More importantly, do you guys happen to know a Teenieping wearing glass slippers?
Glass slippers... Rellaping? She's the ultimate tomboy Princess Teenieping of the Bibidi Kingdom, poni.
Tomboy?
Yeah.
One day, Rellaping went to a ball held in the kingdom...
She was having trouble getting in because her dress got dirty from playing in the dirt, but...
A fairy godmother appeared and made it possible for her to attend the ball, sappun.
But that magic was only supposed to last until 12 o'clock...
And Rellaping, who forgot about that, humiliated herself in front of everyone, poni.
In the end, the fairy godmother took pity on her and gave Rellaping the ability to turn back time.
Wait, Princess!
Aaaagh!
The handsome prince and the glamorous ball continued forever, sappun.
Aha, so that's why she avoided being caught every time?
Huh? What do you mean, poni?
Listen carefully, guys. We're actually repeating the same day over and over again.
We've already met Rellaping several times.
What?
Oh my, Hani. If you hit the nail on the head like that, you'll make Romi look too pitiful.
Ughhh...
Aaaagh!
Take this!
Aaaaah!
Oh my, Hani. If you hit the nail on the head like that, you'll make Romi look too pitiful.
Aaaagh!
Ha!
Aaaaah!
Aaaaargh!
Oh my, Hani. If you hit the nail on the head...
Oh my!
What I want to say is, rella!
Aaaaah!
Wait...
Is she really here, arum?
When she came out too...
Here, come on out, Rellaping. Aren't you hungry? Do you want to have some delicious snacks and tell me your story?
I'll eat, rella! I wanna eat, I wanna eat, rella!
You're saying there's a problem with your magic?
It was fine at first, but at some point time started turning back on its own.
So, you didn't even throw your magic shoe?
Yeah. Perhaps because the magic imbued in the shoe was too great, my Bibidi Kingdom, where time was all jumbled up, was in a great crisis.
No matter how much I used magic to try to turn it back, it all failed. My last hope was to attend the Princess Summit...
Does that mean time could get all jumbled up here too?
That's right. It's fine for now, but we don't know when that might happen, rella.
Then that's a really big problem!
The only thing that can calm your magic is Dianaping's grace. That's why I need your help...
I'll help you.
You shouldn't trust her. Hurry and run away, Rellaping.
Dianaping! Rella!
Why are you...?
Got it!
She's running away, poni! We can't lose her, arum!
Let's transform and chase her first, Claireping!
Open, Princess Pact!
Fresh and lovely, Claireping turn!
Arum!
Princess of the beautiful mirror, Princess Fantana!
You're in the same place. You absolutely can't be caught.
You'll be locked up forever.
Bonnyping, what are you doing, chu?
If that's the real Dianaping, it would show on the mirror...
Nothing is showing up, poni.
I see.
Rellaping! Don't listen to her. That Dianaping is fake.
Right now, Dianaping has been captured by Eclipseping!
Th-that can't be, rella!
Don't be fooled, Rellaping. Hurry and take off your shoe and throw it at her.
Yeah, okay.
Rellaping! You wanted to fix your magic and return your kingdom to how it was.
If you throw that at me now, it will just keep repeating without being resolved.
Come with us. We'll save the real Dianaping, Rellaping!
But... Please, I'm begging you.
Don't be fooled, Rellaping. Everything she says is a lie.
Hurry up and throw it! Hurry!
Wait!
Thank you, Rellaping. You figured out her true identity.
Yeah. I'll join you guys to save Dianaping and make the Princess Summit a success, rella!
Piripiri Catchling!
Into the Princess Cube!
Princess Teenieping, Rellaping caught!
Now I have a chance to save my kingdom, rella!
Lord Eclipseping! Is something wrong?
Huh? N-nothing... But it's weird. Why is my forehead tingling?
Aaaagh! Wh-what is this!
You, did you do something to me while I was dozing off? Huh?
What do you mean? I didn't do anything...
Aaaagh! What happened here!